README.md, before:

README ETRACE
=============

A user-space daemon companion to Linux/ftrace

Building:
---------

Get documentation below first. Build depends on source-file in
documentation to generate manpage. Build-system is CMake-based. Please read
more about it in the wiki.

Documentation:
--------------

All documentation is a gitit wiki. Start reading in these simple steps:

1) Get all sub-modules - documentation is one of them

    git submodule init
    git submodule update

2) Install gitit if you don't have it already:

http://gitit.net/Installing

3) Execute the following:

    ./start_wiki.sh

4) Open browser and go to:

[http://localhost:5011](http://localhost:5011)

Cloning project from SOMC:
--------------------------

To clone project including it's submodules from SOMC internal server:

    git clone -b master_somc --single-branch --recursive \
	   seldlx0294:/opt/gits/etrace.git

**Note** please keep "master_somc" as the master branch as "master" is
reserverd for the public project.

Commit message:

Git submodule for wikidata made relative
README.md adjusted accordingly

README.md, after:

README ETRACE
=============

A user-space daemon companion to Linux/ftrace

Building:
---------

Get documentation below first. Build depends on source-file in
documentation to generate manpage. Build-system is CMake-based. Please read
more about it in the wiki.

Documentation:
--------------

All documentation is a gitit wiki. Start reading in these simple steps:

1) Get all sub-modules - documentation is one of them

    git submodule init
    git submodule update

**Note:** Submodule wikidata is relative and content may intentionally
differ between servers.

2) Install gitit if you don't have it already:

http://gitit.net/Installing

3) Execute the following:

    ./start_wiki.sh

4) Open browser and go to:

[http://localhost:5011](http://localhost:5011)

Cloning with submodules in one go:
----------------------------------

To clone project including it's submodules from any server:

    git clone -b master --single-branch --recursive \
	   proto://url/path/etrace.git

To clone the public Github repository:

    git clone --recursive \
	    https://github.com/mambrus/etrace.git
